---
layout: post
title: 2015 So Far
---
Well, we’re two months into 2015. That’s 1/6th, or 16.67%. Here are some things that have made the year so far pretty good.

### New Drake
If you’re reading this it’s too late. Drake’s latest is a no-nonsense mixtape full of all the bravado and one-liners you could want. I don’t think Drake really needs a confidence boost, so I tend to imagine that all of the bragadoccio is about me.

### Gym (sometimes)
I go to the gym more this year than I used to. I like using a recumbent bike and watching an episode of *Twin Peaks*. I should go more often, because I’m actually enjoying working out for the first time in forever. Baby steps, I guess.

### New Hat
I’m pretty simple. I got a [new beanie](http://store.americanapparel.net/recycled-fisherman-beanie_rsakwbnf). It’s red and the perfect size. That’s enough for me.

### Hackathons
I went to my first hackathon in early February, which was ADI’s annual DevFest hackathon. It was really cool. Some friends and I made [Rumblr](http://rumblr.diagraphictech.com). In fact, I had so much fun that I’m going to [hackNY](http://hackny.org) next week. Looking forward to learning more and creating something awesome there!

### More Music
As always, I’m expanding my musical horizons. Lately, I’ve really been digging Viet Cong, D’Angelo, Alex G, Mitski, Paperhaus, and Talib Kweli.

2015 also looks ridiculously promising in terms of upcoming music. There’s new Kanye, new Kendrick, new Django Django, new A$AP, new Majical Cloudz, and apparently new Run the Jewels on deck. And if we’re lucky, we may even see some of Frank Ocean or Jai Paul. Fingers crossed!

### Learning Stuff
I’m finally in a computer science course here at Columbia—Intro to Computer Science & Programming in Java, to be exact. It’s nice to be learning something that will hopefully be relevant to my major, and I’m really enjoying the coursework so far. Computers are infinitely interesting to me, and I hope this is the first of many CS courses to come in my academic career.