---
layout: post
title: Munich
---

I just got back from Munich and holy hell it was incredible—my favorite city I've visited this semester. I can definitely see myself living in Germany one day.

## Public Transportation
I get the sense that this is true throughout Germany, but it's worth emphasizing just how great the public transport is. I was able to buy my tickets using the MVV app, which was incredibly easy. The city also offers steep group discounts, and easy transport to the airport. Train cars are a mix of old and new (old on the U-Bahn), but are uniformly clean. The only city I've been to that rivals this quality of transport is Copenhagen. Budapest's system is extremely comprehensive too (and there's really nothing to complain about), but Munich won me over because all of its trains are electric, and the S-Bahn is suuuuper fast. If the H5 that I take every morning were that fast, my commute would be way shorter.

There were also some very beautiful ads in the subway.

## Leisure
En route to our third day of Springfest, Jane, Joyce, and I discussed how we didn't feel that we had really been having fun while traveling, and that the Germans really seem to understand the idea of leisure. While I wish it were that Americans simply aren't good at having fun, I think that we have a lot of societal issues that preclude us from focusing on leisure. In particular, a huge number of Americans are unable to make ends meet, so some things are out of the question. Throughout all of this, I was constantly in awe that the German economy is so strong.

## Escalators
Hungary has an insane escalator game. These things are janky, a little dangerous, and super duper fast. Once you get the idea that escalators should be faster than just walking up steps, slow escalators become *unbearable*. Some escalators in Germany barely moved at a crawl. I have a feeling that this pet peeve is going to plague me for years to come. One thing that's cool though—lots of escalators will stop moving entirely until you step onto them. Freaky at first, but more eco friendly and probably safer. I'm a fan!

## Wifi
I was caught off guard by the total lack of wifi at restaurants and coffee shops in Munich. I luckily was on Vodafone HU’s very cheap EU data roaming, but was still shocked when not one of the places we ate had a wireless network, password-protected or otherwise. In Budapest, nearly every restaurant has one, and they’re always password protected. I’ve definitely been spoiled by that

## Cash
The cash situation in Munich was also quite surprising. While I understand why businesses at Springfest were cash only, I was surprised that almost every restaurant was, too. In Hungary, I pay for nearly everything on my phone (or Watch⌚️), because the standard payment terminal accepts PayPass technology. It felt silly fumbling for money all the time—I really wonder why card usage is so limited.

I had such a great weekend in Munich. These three days really made me regret passing on Berlin. I really hope to get there soon.