---
layout: post
title: On Data
---
We’re living in the age of data. Our cell phones provide an account of our daily lives, and social media knows everything about us. And though some people are content to let others track their personal data, some are interested in tracking it for themselves. For this reason, I’ve turned to services that tell me about my habits. Here are a few of those.

### Reporter
[Reporter](http://www.reporter-app.com) is an app for iOS that prompts users at regular intervals to input data about their current activities. These questions are customizable, and can range from asking for a user’s location to recording their eating habits thus far. Reporter aggregates this data into nice visualizations that make it easy to see where your time is going. I personally used Reporter for a few months before I grew tired of its interruptions. Though a noble cause, there’s something uncomfortable about pulling out your phone to record data, and I also felt a mild guilt if I skipped an entry. Still, it’s impossible to deny that Reporter is a beautifully designed app and one of the best ways to input general data.

It’s worth noting that Reporter was developed by [Nicholas Felton](http://feltron.com), creater of some intricate personal annual reports. It’s evident that this guy thrives on personal data, and the app is able to accomodate his habits.

### Last.fm
[Last.fm](http://last.fm) is a service that simply tracks the music I listen to. It offers native integration with Spotify and can also “Scrobble” (record listener data) from iTunes via an external app. All of your data is presented on your Last.fm profile in the form of some charts and histograms. Despite its fairly basic features, I find myself checking Last.fm fairly obsessively; it’s a great service that goes hand in hand with my listening.

But what does this data mean to me? Over the past few years that I’ve been interested in personal data, I’ve begun to analyze the way that I interact with data. On the surface, all that data is a presentation of some objective truths. Data doesn’t offer me suggestions, criticisms, or analyses; it simply exists. The analyses are up to me. As a result, one can approach data with the intent to simply observe it or to change behaviors based on it. I have  found that data causes me to change my behavior, particularly when it comes to music. This is an interesting phenomenon. Wy would I change my tastes based on numbers. Interestingly enough, I think it has to do with image. It’s important to me to be an individual with diverse, passionate taste. A few months ago, I realized that I had been listening to absurd amounts of Arctic Monkeys; they’d easily climbed to the position of most-listened artist. I wasn’t particularly thrilled with this, though, so I decided to cut back. I don’t really listen to Arctic Monkeys much now, and that only partially has to do with changing tastes. Mostly, I just realized that I didn’t want them to be my favorite artist, so now they aren’t.